Updated instructions for adding an integrated parter (#5306)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/connections/destinations/catalog/appsflyer/index.md

Segment will automatically trigger an `Install Attributed` event if you have **trackAttributionData** enabled in your settings, and the Segment-AppsFlyer integration installed in your app. The event payload will adhere to the `Install Attributed` event specification documented [here](/docs/connections/spec/mobile/#install-attributed) and will propagate to your other downstream destinations.

### Server

> If you are tracking events server-side, AppsFlyer can still send attribution postbacks but you will need to configure this functionality in your AppsFlyer account. To enable this, navigate to your AppsFlyer app and on the sidebar of the main screen click on **Configuration** then select **Partner Marketplace** and search for Segment. You will be prompted with a couple of configuration options and asked to input your Segment Write Key. Once enabled, successfully attributed app installs will begin showing up as `Install Attributed` events similar to the client side behavior documented above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you track events server-side, AppsFlyer can still send attribution postbacks, but you need to configure this functionality in your AppsFlyer account. To enable this:
1. Navigate to your AppsFlyer app and on the sidebar of the main screen select **Configuration > Partner Marketplace** and search for Segment. 
2. Enter the configuration options and input your Segment Write Key. 
Once enabled, successfully attributed app installs begin showing up as `Install Attributed` events similar to the client side behavior documented above.
```
